# Instructions for WhiteBinTools
- First download my [WhiteBinTools](https://github.com/Surihix/WhiteBinTools) program from the releases page.

- Copy the FILELIST.BIN and KEL.DAT files from your Dirge of Cerberus game's iso image into a new folder.

- Put the downloaded WhiteBinTools program in the same folder where you had copied the above two files.

- Open a command prompt terminal in this folder and run the program with these following arguments:
  <br>`` WhiteBinTools.exe -ff131 -u "FILELIST.BIN" "KEL.DAT" ``

This should unpack the KEL.DAT archive and once the archive is unpacked, you can then proceed to run this DoCPathGenerator program.

# Instructions for DoCPathGenerator
- Download and copy the DoCPathGenerator program in the same folder where you have the FIELIST.BIN and the unpacked _KEL.DAT folder. 

- If you want to move the files from the noPath folder into the ``#generatedPaths`` folder after the path has been generated, use the `-gm` switch. the example given below, uses the `gc` switch which will copy the files after the path has been generated.

- Open a command prompt terminal in this folder and run the program with these following arguments:
<br>`` DoCPathsGenerator.exe -gc "FILELIST.BIN" "_KEL.DAT" ``

This should generate the paths for the files by copying them inside the ``#generatedPaths`` folder, which will be created in the same folder where the unpacked ``_KEL.DAT`` folder is present. `FileMappings.json` file and `NoPathsList.txt` files will also be created inside the ``#generatedPaths`` folder. the former contains all of the mapping info for the noPath files and its generated path, while the latter will contain a list of all the noPath files with their filecodes.

# Optional Check
There is a `file.txt` file present in the unpacked `_KEL.DAT` folder, that contains a list of file paths for a vast majority of this game's files. this particular txt file was heavily used in this program's path generation algorithm and by making use of it, you can check whether all the noPath files paths are generated by this program. do note that this particular file is not present in the `JORG` region version's game files and so this function cannot be used with that version's unpacked _KEL.DAT folder.
<br>

By running this program with the `-c` switch, the program will read each file path specified in the `file.txt` file and then checks whether the file in the path, exists in the unpacked _KEL.DAT folder or in the `#generatedPaths` folder. if the file does not exist, then that particular file path will be logged in the `missing_list.txt` file, which will be generated next to the unpacked _KEL.DAT folder.
<br>

Here is how you run the progam with this check function:
<br>`` DoCPathsGenerator.exe -c "_KEL.DAT" "#generatedPaths" ``
